Big bang : All the units gets integrated
cannot able to predict the error
Stub : could not test in depth. 
Driver : 
Top : High level module
bottom : Low level module.

Alpha testing : Client does not able to see, internal acceptance testing.
Beta testing : Release to the real world.
Agile : It is able to move quickly and easily
It is an iterative and incremental model.

Iterative : Repeating
Delivery : Deliverying part by part.

Sprint : Continous timebox of lifecycle. 2 to 4 weeks
Aggressive : 
User story format : It is a pre simple discription of a feature or the functionality.
Complexity : It means diffculty.
What is sprint 0 or 0 sprint : 
Backlog : Pending. 
Epic : collection of user story.
What is PB and PBI - Product backlog & product backlog item.
RTM - Requirement Traceability Matrix.
Pre-condition - The condition that can be met before the test case can be executed.
Test case for milton water bottle.
verify that the brand name is milton
verify that the cap is black colour and the body is silver colour.
verify that the water bottle quantity is 1 litre.
verify that the water bottle cap is round shape.
Verify that the water bottle is very thickness.
Verify that the water bottle keeps warm water and hot water.
verify that the water bottle rate is satisfied.
Verify that the water bottle brand is Milton
Verify that the body colour is silver
Verify that the cap colour is black
Verify that the 1lit of the water bottle
Verify the bottle doesn't leak
Verify the bottle doesn't damage

Unit test is comes under white box testing.
Structured based testing is also called as white box testing will be done by the developer only.
White box will focus only on the application internal structure and logic.
Specification is also called as black box they only focus on the functionality.It will be done by only developers.
Black box testing- Giving thr input and getting the output.

Types of Testing ...
NFT : Non functional testing - Done by performance test engineer
performance testing:
checking the number of users is called non functional testing.
Smoke testing :
It describes the stages the bug or defect goes through from its discovery until its resolution that is called as bug life cycle


Summary : The utube video is unable to open
Description :
	1. I have downloaded the utube in play store.
	2. Verified and linked with my email id.
	3. I have noticed that the video link is not opening.
	4. Link is unavaliable.

Set : Group of test cases.
End to end testing is called as system testing. 
Agile is a incremental and iterative model.
customer interaction will be through out the project.
Deliver the project through the sprint.
IMPORTANT QUESTON : 
What is positive and negtaive testing ?
What is RTM ?



































































































